The dataset provided here has been extracted from the NSE website. 
The Stock price data provided is from 1-Jan-2015 to 31-July-2018 for six stocks 
Eicher Motors, Hero, Bajaj Auto, TVS Motors, Infosys and TCS.

Please note that for the days where it is not possible to calculate the required 
Moving Averages, it is better to ignore these rows rather than trying to deal with 
NULL by filling it with average value as that would make no practical sense.

Create a new schema named 'Assignment'
Import the CSV files in MySQL, naming the tables as the name of the stocks.
Results Expected

1. Create a new table named 'bajaj1' containing the date, close price, 20 Day MA and 50 Day MA. (This has to be done for all 6 stocks)

 
             Date            	            Close Price             	              20 Day MA           	             50 Day MA               

 

2. Create a master table containing the date and close price of all the six stocks. (Column header for the price is the name of the stock)

 

The table header should appear as below:

 
          Date         	      Bajaj        	       TCS      	   TVS      	     Infosys   	      Eicher       	        Hero         

 

3. Use the table created in Part(1) to generate buy and sell signal. Store this in another table named 'bajaj2'. Perform this operation for all stocks.

 
        Date      	          Close Price       	      Signal        

 

4. Create a User defined function, that takes the date as input and returns the signal for that particular day 
(Buy/Sell/Hold) for the Bajaj stock. (Hint: The signal of sell and buy for that particular day is generated by 
subtracting the previous day's flag value. Flag value is generated using short-term and long-term moving averages.)

 

5. Write a brief summary of the results obtained and what inferences you can draw from the analysis performed. 
(Less than 250 words to be submitted in a pdf file)

 

You will be required to submit the commented a zip file consisting of a SQL file and pdf file describing the key 
observations and summary in under 250 words that you can make from the results. 